first learned about this seven years ago
on a mission in brazil to capture a
wanted fugitive
when we got there it tore through our
unit in seconds
the target had superhuman abilities
it had the same marking you do cole
it's a birthmark what do you mean he was
born with it
it's not a birthmark cole means you've
been chosen
[Music]
throughout history different cultures
all over the world
reference a great tournament
of champions that dragon marking
i think it's an invitation to fight for
something known
[Applause]
as mortal kombat
these are your champions i'm sonia
that's kano i'm luke
thanks jax
the fate of earth is in our hands
no matter how many of my people we put
in the ground
we will not fail kill them
[Music]
i am zero
get over here
you beauty
[Music]
you